# management_project_eschedule
This undergraduate project proposed a project management platform that was aimed to manage the development time in new projects and ongoing projects, especially for software development industries. The platform was designed by the principle of waterfall model where project activities were broken down into linear sequential phases in which each step depends on the deliverables of the previous one and corresponds to a specialization of tasks. The overall software development work can be categorized into phases such as initial design analysis, system design, code development, software testing, and maintenance work. The motivation to develop this platform was influenced by the real-life experience of working in a web development company, where the project manager needed to keep track of the development process and time of multiple software development projects.

The key design feature of this project management platform was time management specifically the ability to put time constraints in a specific task by the project manager. Before starting any new project, it’s manager can set the deadline, and through alert settings, the system was able to notify its team members and managers before the preset timeframe. The system was also able to categorize the particular projects upon different modules and have a look at them as and when required. This system was also able to provide a list of employees who are involved in a particular project for a specific module and time involved in development work. Through its built-in report builder section, it can prepare a clear picture of time invested on a different level of projects. By this method, the owner of the project can evaluate the overall project progress, resource allocated, and also time invested.
